Add docs github page (#2148)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/_index.md

      <div class="col hover-card landing pink">
        <div>
          <div>Community</div>

>           <p style="text-align: left;">Have questions, or want to meet other people working on smart machines? <a href="https://discord.gg/viam">Join us in the Community Discord! You can also <a href="https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs">contribute to these docs</a>.</a></p>

Author: ```suggestion
          <p>Join the <a href="https://discord.gg/viam">Discord Server</a> to discuss everything about smart machines or ask questions! If you notice anything wrong about the docs, you can <a href="https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/issues">file an issue</a>or <a target="_blank" title="Edit source file on GitHub" aria-label="Edit source file on GitHub" href="https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/edit/main/docs/_index.md">edit this file</a>.</p>
```

>           <p>Join the <a href="https://discord.gg/viam">Discord Server</a> to discuss everything about smart machines or ask questions! If you notice anything wrong about the docs, you can <a href="https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/issues">file an issue</a> or <a target="_blank" title="Edit source file on GitHub" aria-label="Edit source file on GitHub" href="https://github.com/viamrobotics/docs/edit/main/docs/_index.md">edit this file</a>.</p>

Author: ```suggestion
          <p style="text-align: left;">Have questions, or want to meet other people working on smart machines? <a href="https://discord.gg/viam">Join us in the Community Discord!</a></p>
```
